Mention Hex in address: description (#36753)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/modbus.markdown

{% configuration %}
address:

>   description: "Address of coil/register. Note that this can also be specified in Hex. _e.g._ 0x789A"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: "Address of coil/register. Note that this can also be specified in Hex. For example: `0x789A`"
```
